------------------FUNCTIONALITIES------------------

1. AI generation of keywords for angel canvas & customized advice letter

INPUT
Google sheets info

OUTPUT
List of keywords for each field

1.1. Create prompt DONE
1.2. Test prompt DONE

1.3. Find how to connect N8N with gemini DONE

1.4. Finish direct connection with canva
-Continue setting up the access token DONE
-Connect the curl requests to n8n. Don't forget to adapt back the format to linux DONE
-Learn how to use the refresh token so you don't need to generate access tokens oven and over
--Use a refresh token every 3H50M DONE
--Follow the N8N tutorial form aidelcorp DONE
--Finish the email integration with the right format. DONE

Add the other 2 designs to the folder DONE
--Change the format of the letter output generated by the AI agent so it can be sent as an json input to canva API DONE

1.5. Store the results of the LLM in Drive to use it in canva

1.6. Store the results of the LLM in an excel for tracking and data analysis

1.7. Create email template to have it ready DONE

2. Gift card generator and sender.

Create google sheet DONE
Integrate google sheet DONE
Create canva template and publish it DONE
Create canva flow generation DONE
Create email template DONE
Send email DONE
Update sent status in google sheet DONE

Migrate to Yangel account
-N8N flow DONE
-Email used to send DONE
-Drive storage DONE

Format the prompt with the bulletpoints DONE

Only 3 parameters to the model DONE

Find out how to feed the AI API with knowledge DONE


3. Gift card generator on whatsapp.

Continue configuring the values stored in memory IN of recipient and sender. Test WA message from 0.

Link to the Gift card generator via WA with customized message. "Create gift card".

https://wa.me/573012748971?text=Create+gift+card
--------
Hi, I'm going to help you create your own Angel Canvas Gift Card, like this one:
(IMAGE OF THE TEMPLATE)
Tell me your first and last name:

Name of the person you want to gift it:

--------
There you gou. Now you only need to forward it.

Want another one? Just type their first and last name.

Change the name of the business to Angel Assistant DONE

Change the picture of the business DONE


Find out how to verify the number as I did before. DONE

Find out how to get the WA API up and running full time. -  How to create a permanent token. DONE

Connect the API to deliver the customized canvas to non registered numbers. Template required? DONE

Fix the order. Delay the last message. DONE

Fix the format. DONE

4. Create customizable giftcard template DONE
4.1. Add template sender to the Gift Card Generator v2 to search the list of people who was sent 1 day ago, and update phase at the end DONE

Angel stories project has been sunset for business reasons.
------------------ToDo------------------


